NEWSMAN (over TV):
That's a doggone good deal.
And now here's Chip
with the weather.
CHIP:
Bad news, folks.
Looks like the downpour is going
to continue through the weekend.
Up to two inches of rainfall...
It's not raining.
(sighs)
Don't forget those umbrellas
and galoshes...
(groaning)
NEWSWOMAN: ...and the three
unidentified boys
fled the scene on foot as
hundreds of helpless spectators
could only look on in horror.
♪ Yes, no, maybe ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ Can you repeat the question? ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ You're not
the boss of me now ♪
♪ You're not the boss
of me now ♪
♪ And you're not so big ♪
♪ Life is unfair. ♪
It's amazing all
the different kinds of kids
you meet when you're
tutoring after school.
In the last six weeks alone,
I've met morons,
idiots, lunkheads, jackasses
and one imbecile.
My mom's making me do a job
where I use my brain.
I'll tell you one thing.
When I have kids...
they're really going to suffer.
Stupid job. I spend my free time
trying to teach...
You're Nicki?
Hi.
This doesn't make her right.
♪ ♪
♪ Lock you inside,
every day and every night ♪
♪ Oh, girl, and here is the soul
of which you've taken control ♪
♪ Can't you see
I'm trying to show ♪
♪ Love is all right? ♪
♪ Oh, show and tell ♪
♪ Just a game I play,
when I want to say... ♪
Boys will be home
in ten minutes.
I'm willing
to accept that challenge.
No, Hal.
I just went to the doctor.
I have a low-grade infection.
I have to take antibiotics.
And...
we can't have sex for a week.
What?
Not until I finish these.
Okay, okay, let's try
to look at this rationally.
What would happen
if you took them all at once?
No, Hal.
Or, or... what if we alternated?
One day off, one day on.
I'm not a medical doctor,
but I think it would be
a lot less of a shock
to your system.
A week, Hal.
No sex for a week.
Wow!
(whimpering)
All right, I'm fine.
I'll just... uh...
I'll go mow the lawn.
Do we still have that mower?
Hal?
Huh?
Clothes.
Oh, right.
♪ ♪
Hey, watch where you're driving,
you butt-wipe!
What'd you say?
Nothing.
Better watch yourself, jerk-wad.
I'll kick your butt.
Yeah, well, I wish
I had a car like that!
Thank you so much for the work
that you did last week.
Now, I insist
that you take this.
Thank you.
What work did you do last week?
Young man, nice job
with those weeds yesterday.
Is five dollars okay?
Okay.
Thank you.
No way, you didn't
pull any weeds yesterday.
I know.
What's going on?
It's money day.
Money day?
Yeah. I don't know why, but it's
been happening a lot lately.
Dewey, people
don't have money days.
I do.
It's really neat.
There's also cookie days
and pat on the head days.
I don't like those so much,
but before you know it,
it's money day again.
What do you think
you're doing?
Putting this
stupid fence back up
for the third time this month.
Well, me and Earl went to a lot
of trouble tearing it down.
What? Why would you tear
our fence down?
We've got 300 head of cattle
we got to get to water.
They got to come through
here to get to the wash.
We need this fence.
We had two horses wander off.
It took us a week to find them.
Our ranch has used this
trail for over 50 years.
We're not about to stop
for a bunch of city boys
playing horsy!
Look, just because
it's a dude ranch
doesn't mean I don't bust my ass
the same as you.
(cell phone ringing)
Hey, cowboy,
your fanny pack's ringing.
(gruffly):
Talk to me.
The lavender soap should be
next to the potpourri.
Well, did you check
with housekeeping?
I'm finally starting
to understand trigonometry.
Yeah?
It's useless.
Come on, you need trigonometry.
Say you want to plot
the orbit of a lunar...
You're right, it's useless.
I've noticed you at school.
You have?
In fact, I've been thinking
about you... a lot.
I heard it, too!
Really?
I know you're super smart,
so here's my question:
with a brain like that,
do you plan, like,
every moment in your life?
No, I don't think...
You do. I know you do.
You always have to know what's
going to happen next, don't you?
Don't you?
No.
I really like not knowing
what's going to happen next.
I mean, even when it's scary.
In fact,
I kind of like it
when it's scary.
You know, like right now,
I don't know
what's going to happen next.
Do you?
Well...
MAN:
You getting anywhere?
What?
The math.
The thing I'm paying you
$6 an hour for.
Oh, yeah, she's really smart.
She didn't get it
when I tried to explain it.
You didn't try to explain it,
you just yelled it at me.
He dropped out of high school,
so whenever anything
makes him feel small, he yells.
I'm sure you could've learned
trigonometry if you wanted to.
When?
When I was in 'Nam,
tied to a Punjab stick,
chin deep in a tiger cage
in the Mekong River?
No, I guess not.
Just remember something,
hotshot.
Me and a lot of my dead comrades
put our asses on the line
so you and your little friends
could have the freedom
to study trigonometry.
Thank you... sir.
That was scary.
Oh, please, he plays that card
all the time.
Last week, he tried to use it
to get a free
Grand Slam at Denny's.
I think we should
get back to math.
Or you could stop stalling
and kiss me.
Kiss you?
Okay, you're obviously crazy.
Your dad's, like, 12 feet away.
Yeah?
You're just trying
to create a situation
where he catches me
and I get my butt kicked.
Well, I'm not...
Hey, morning, Reese.
How's it going?
What are you
doing up?
Well, I was just
lying in bed this morning
staring at the ceiling,
and I thought,
"Why don't I paint
the kitchen cabinets?"
Oh, I made crepes.
Crepes?
Uh-huh.
Come on, sit down.
Look, I've
got strawberries,
bananas, peaches, drawn butter,
maple syrup, you name it.
Dig in.
Hey, honey,
where have you been?
I was up at 4:00 scouring
the grout in the shower
and I thought, "The flower
market is open this early.
Why not drive downtown and
buy us some fresh-cut flowers?"
They're beautiful!
Crepes?
LOIS:
Can't, got to make
the boys' lunches.
I've already made them lunch.
Oh, well, double lunches.
(Hal laughs)
That was so much fun last night.
When I got home, my mom
yelled at me for an hour,
but I didn't care.
I know.
My dad went nuts.
I got two veins
and the temple thing.
(chuckling)
We get it.
You're dating.
Stevie, how's it going?
Good.
Do you know...
How cute you are?
Yes, so what?
Stop bragging about it.
I was...
going to ask...
If I would dump
Malcolm for you.
Well, yeah, but you can't
ask me right in front of him.
He has feelings.
...if you passed...
your trig test...
Oh, yeah, D minus.
Thank you, baby.
All right, I'm sick of school,
let's go to the mall.
Ditch?
Yeah, it's just P.E.
But that's... a class.
And it'll be there
tomorrow. Come on.
Why... pretend?
You're right.
Four times we have
to put up this fence!
Do they think
we are not serious?
Maybe you should talk to them.
Talk to those idiots? No!
Do they think creating wholesome
entertainment for families
is for sissies?
There's arts
and crafts,
there's nature hikes,
there's costume parties.
Let them try to keep track
of what is what
on Opposites Day.
Ooh, they will
pay for this.
GRETCHEN:
Woo-hoo!
Lunchtime.
Oh, Gretchen,
I did not mean
for you to see me in my fury.
Otto, I love
your fury.
Isn't Otto's fury
magnificent, Francis?
I try not to look at his fury.
If they tear this one down,
we will make them suffer
as they have never suffered.
Or, we might consider
trying to reach a compromise.
Do I look French to you? No!
If it is a range war they want,
then by gosh, they will get one.
They do not know
what they are up against.
MAN:
Nice job, son.
Thanks.
Wait a minute.
Why are you giving
him five bucks?
Why?
This young man
cleaned out my gutters,
he sorted my recyclables,
and I didn't even ask him to.
You couldn't find a nicer kid.
I wish I could give him more.
Don't worry about it.
It can't be money day.
There is no money day.
I would know about it
if there was a money day.
Unless...
maybe Mom and Dad don't want
me knowing about money day.
Excuse me.
Beat it, kid, I'm trying
to figure something out.
Okay. Sorry.
I'll just rake around you.
His name is Billy Prescott.
I followed him home.
He lives, like,
a mile away from here.
He looks exactly like you.
You're lying.
Am I?
It's common knowledge, Dewey,
that every person
on this planet has an evil twin.
He's my evil twin?
Fat chance.
The guy's a saint.
You're his evil twin.
But I don't want
to be an evil twin.
I don't make the rules, Dewey.
Besides, we've been given
a golden opportunity here.
To do what?
I don't know yet,
but there's money
and an evil twin.
If we can't figure out
how to make this pay off,
there is something
deeply wrong with us.
Come on, let's go watch
some soap operas.
Things are going great
with Nicki.
We've gone to the planetarium,
miniature golf, the movies...
It's amazing how uncrowded
stuff is during school hours.
You know what? I'd better
get home. I'm grounded.
You're grounded?
Why didn't you tell me?
When my dad found out that
I cut English, he flipped out.
You know what's funny?
He thinks  you're
a bad influence on  me.
That is hilarious.
Listen, Nicki...
He really doesn't like you.
Why? What's wrong with me?
I never did anything to him.
Everybody doesn't
have to like you, Malcolm.
I know, but...
I like you,
and a lot of people
would think that's enough.
Get your
filthy mouth off
of my daughter's face!
Get in the truck.
What are you doing?
You're supposed to be at work!
Okay, hotshot,
consider this
your one and only warning.
You are never, ever
to see my daughter again,
you got that?!
No, Daddy,
take it back!
Take it back!
I cannot believe
that you would come to the park
and you would
do this to me.
Do you know how
embarrassing you are?
I'm okay... I'm okay.
I'm just going to lie down here
for a minute.
(tires screeching,
truck departing)
(whimpering)
HAL:
Hey, honey.
Oh, I had a great day.
You know, I was working
through lunch,
and Mr. Collins came by
and he started asking me
about what I was doing...
I think I'm getting a raise!
Hal, that's wonderful.
I had a good day myself.
After I finished
washing the windows
and stripping the floors,
I went over our tax returns
for the last seven years.
We overpaid in '99.
You're kidding.
$800.
The IRS is sending us a check.
Wow! Honey, great job!
You know, I got
to tell you, I think...
Is that the last one?
Mm-hmm.
So we can...
I guess so.
Great.
Hey.
Stop! I talked to Nicki's father
and he told me what happened.
You are forbidden
from seeing that girl again.
Mom...
Forbidden!
I told him you wouldn't
give him any more trouble,
understood?
Don't worry. The guy's a psycho.
And I think she is, too.
I'm totally
never seeing her again.
Good morning.
Hi.
Last night was great.
Yeah. Okay, I get
home at 3:00 today.
Dad gets home at 6:00.
Now, my little brother
is a total narc,
but we can send him to the
arcade till, like, 4:00.
So we have...
No good.
I've got a chem lab
until, like, 3:30 on Wednesdays.
What about tomorrow?
No good. I can't
wait till tomorrow.
We got to think
of some...
What?
You can't wait till tomorrow?
Shut up.
Okay, we'll do it today
and we'll slide it an hour.
That's cutting it pretty close,
but I'll make it work.
We can make this work.
Dad.
Oh.
See you in math.
Okay.
I might need to see
the nurse first.
DEWEY:
I don't want to do this.
If you don't do it,
I'm going to tell Mom
about you taking all that money.
And you're going
to get a "me" punishment.
Now get to work!
Hey!
What are you doing?!
Yeah, you better run,
Billy Prescott!
All the way
to 1515 Cypress Street,
a block west of Halifax.
HAL:  I'm glad that we decided
not to, uh...
Absolutely.
Every other aspect of our lives
is getting so much attention.
Our lives are
so much better.
Do you think that's how really
successful people just...?
Can't think of any
other explanation.
No. So Bill Gates...?
Probably never.
I started an herb garden
in the backyard today.
Did you know we
had a potting shed?
You're kidding.
Oh, we are definitely
doing the right thing.
I'll go sleep in the car.
Park it a couple
blocks away.
(calypso music playing)
This one is...
Ooh, be careful!
It might bite through!
We have had some good ones
in the past, Francis,
but this may be the
best pirate night ever.
What are you doing?!
Easy, Otto.
What do you think
you are doing?
We have a real
ranch to run,
and our cattle
need water.
We need that fence.
I will not allow you
to kill our horses.
Well, I'm not going to allow
you to kill our cattle!
Enough talk.
Gretchen, my gun!
Which one?
Ooh, what am I saying?
The Luger, hmm?
Otto, this is nuts.
You will see
you are not dealing with a fool.
That fence is going up
twice as high!
We'll just tear it
back down again.
Then we will build another fence
50 feet high!
Every time you build it up,
we'll tear it down.
Every time you tear it down,
we will build it up!
Um, did it ever occur to anyone
to put in a gate?
A gate?
Hmm.
A gate would work.
♪ Shave his belly
with a rusty razor ♪
♪ Earl-aye in the morning ♪
♪ Keep an eye
on your lonely bunkmate ♪
♪ Keep an eye on
your lonely bunkmate... ♪
(movie playing)
Sorry.
I jumped in a line
at the mall to ditch my Dad,
and I ended up giving blood
at the Red Cross.
I told my Mom I was going
to the library tomorrow.
No, we  are  going to the library.
I thought we were going
to the church fair.
No, the church fair is
next week.
It's just a cover
so we can meet at the lake.
I thought the lake was a
cover for the bowling alley.
No, I'm supposed to be
at the bowling alley right now.
This is crazy.
I know. Maybe it'll get crazier.
Oh, my God, my Dad!
BOYD:
You said you were going
to the bowling alley!
NICKI:
I changed my mind!
And why are you
following me?
Don't you trust me?
Shh!
Don't you shush me!
You'll learn to shush
when someone is
shoving bamboo splinters
under your fingernails
trying to get you
to rat out your company!
This is worth it.
This is definitely worth it.
For the love of God.
Man, filling up that guy's car
with cement
was a stroke of genius.
With Billy Prescott
as our fall guy,
we can do anything.
Now, I've updated
my enemies list.
Dewey?
Dewey, I'm
talking to you.
Have you heard enough?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, now I know
what you're thinking.
But the thing that
you don't realize
is that... that I'm
not the real Reese.
I just look like me... him.
But if-if you hurt us...
I-I mean him...
Oh, just go ahead.
(grunting)
Now that I've finished
the carpet,
we can insulate the attic.
I'm telling you, honey,
the value of this house
is going to triple.
We can retire early.
Lois,
what have you planned?
Nothing.
Lois, we made an agreement.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, okay.
You know, two have to play
at this game,
and I'm not playing.
I am just not playing!
So you think
that's going to work?
Well, I've got news for you,
girlie girl.
I am made of sterner stuff.
I happen to like my new life,
and I am not about to descend
to your animal level.
Tool belt on.
(quiet whimper)
I've had it up to here
with your sneaking around.
You're never where you say
you're going to be.
You can't play me
for a fool, Nicki!
Dad, you are
being paranoid!
There is nothing
going on
outside of your stupid,
little twisted head.
Well, if I find out
you've been lying,
there's going to be hell to pay.
Oh, are you okay?
I've lost all the feeling
in my arms,
but it's distracting me
from the searing pain
in my shoulders.
Poor baby.
Listen, Nicki, I'm not sure
this is going to work.
What do you mean?
We do all of this stuff,
sneaking around and making all
these complicated plans,
and it feels incredible.
I have never felt anything
so intense in my life,
but, I mean, is that it?
What are you saying?
We never do any normal
boyfriend/girlfriend stuff.
I don't know
anything about you,
except that you really
get off on danger.
And apparently, I do, too.
I'm just not sure that's enough.
(scoffs)
I think you
just insulted me.
No. I...
Yes, you did!
Maybe you don't know
anything about me,
but I actually bothered
to learn things about you.
I don't like you
because I'm some
creepy danger junkie.
I like you because you're
funny, and you're kind,
and you don't let me
get away with stuff.
And even when you
complain, you're funny,
and I never have to think
about what I'm going
to say because it
just comes out.
And it-it feels right,
and I feel safe.
Well, wait.
I like you because
you're really fun and honest.
And I don't feel
like I'm being tricked
when you're nice to me.
You're amazing with my friends.
You're amazing.
Okay, so this is real.
It's not just the danger
or whatever.
This is real.
Duh.
I'm sorry I yelled at you.
I love you.
Night, Daddy.
HAL:
Oh, no.
I'm late.
Oh, me, too.
Wait, there
was something
I was supposed to
do at work today.
Come home for lunch?
That's it.
(moaning)
Got to go.
Bye.